chore(styles): update post-header to apply overflow-x only on desktop (#4792)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/khaki-cars-smell.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-styles': patch
---

> Updated post-header styles to apply overflow-x only on desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated `post-header` styles to hide the overflow along the x-axis on desktop only.
```
